# Overview

This repository contains the complete materials for my data analysis project and paper, developed using R, Quarto, and GitHub. The project focuses on creating a predictive model to estimate medical insurance costs for individuals based on their health-related and personal attributes. To replicate the findings, navigate to the products folder and open the Manuscript.qmd file. Rendering this file will generate a Word document detailing the research and analysis conducted.

# Template structure and content

* All code goes into the `code` folder and subfolders. Currently, there are 3 sub-folders that do different parts of an analysis. You can re-organize such that it makes most sense for your project. The folders contain files that do some data cleaning and analysis to illustrate the overall setup and workflow. See the readme files in those folders for details.

* All data goes into the `data` folder and subfolders. Currently, there are 2 sub-folders that contain different versions of a simple example data set. You can re-organize such that it makes most sense for your project. 

* The `products` folder and its subfolders contains deliverables, such as manuscript/report.
  - The  `manuscript` subfolder contains a template for a report written as Quarto file.

* The `results` folder contains automatically/code generated output. This includes figures, tables saved as serialized R data (`.Rds`) files, computed values and other outputs.

* The `assets` folder contains static assets like manually generated schematics/diagrams, bibtex files, csl style files, PDFs of references, and other such content. These assets are not code-based and are not generated by code.